profile/README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/innmind/.github/blob/main/logo.svg" width="200px" /></p>

## About Innmind

This Innmind organization intends to [prove a theory of consciousness](https://github.com/Innmind/documentation/blob/master/vision.md).

To try to reach this goal this organization provides high level abstractions and tools (mixing Object Oriented and Functional programming) that can be used in any project.

Some of the most important packages:
- [`innmind/framework`](https://github.com/Innmind/framework) to build HTTP and CLI apps
- [`innmind/black-box`](https://github.com/Innmind/BlackBox) is a test framework focused on Property Based Testing
- [`innmind/operating-system`](https://github.com/Innmind/OperatingSystem) abstract all operations done to the OS (Networking, Filesystem, etc...)
- [`innmind/amqp`](https://github.com/Innmind/AMQP) is a functional Client to AMQP servers such as RabbitMQ
- [`innmind/immutable`](https://github.com/Innmind/Immutable) provides immutable data structures

Some useful tools:
- [`innmind/git-release`](https://github.com/Innmind/GitRelease) to simplify creating Semver tags
- [`innmind/lab-station`](https://github.com/Innmind/LabStation) is a tool to run tests, static analyzer and CS fixer when you update your code
- [`macOS-tooling`](https://github.com/Innmind/macOS-tooling) provides a macOS app to visualize the dependencies of an organization

## Sister organization

[Formal](https://github.com/formal-php) is an organization attached to this one but is focused on data persistence.

Commit message:

Add mantle to the list of important packages

profile/README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/innmind/.github/blob/main/logo.svg" width="200px" /></p>

## About Innmind

This Innmind organization intends to [prove a theory of consciousness](https://github.com/Innmind/documentation/blob/master/vision.md).

To try to reach this goal this organization provides high level abstractions and tools (mixing Object Oriented and Functional programming) that can be used in any project.

Some of the most important packages:
- [`innmind/framework`](https://github.com/Innmind/framework) to build HTTP and CLI apps
- [`innmind/black-box`](https://github.com/Innmind/BlackBox) is a test framework focused on Property Based Testing
- [`innmind/operating-system`](https://github.com/Innmind/OperatingSystem) abstract all operations done to the OS (Networking, Filesystem, etc...)
- [`innmind/mantle`](https://github.com/Innmind/mantle) is an async framework allowing to write async code as if it were synchronous
- [`innmind/amqp`](https://github.com/Innmind/AMQP) is a functional Client to AMQP servers such as RabbitMQ
- [`innmind/immutable`](https://github.com/Innmind/Immutable) provides immutable data structures

Some useful tools:
- [`innmind/git-release`](https://github.com/Innmind/GitRelease) to simplify creating Semver tags
- [`innmind/lab-station`](https://github.com/Innmind/LabStation) is a tool to run tests, static analyzer and CS fixer when you update your code
- [`macOS-tooling`](https://github.com/Innmind/macOS-tooling) provides a macOS app to visualize the dependencies of an organization

## Sister organization

[Formal](https://github.com/formal-php) is an organization attached to this one but is focused on data persistence.
